Solve #115 - Add Shared Storage Abstraction (#116)
kommitters/bas: README.md

* Ruby 2.6.0 or higher

## Terms

### BOT

> A bot is a tool responsible for executing a specific automation task. The bot's pipeline consists of reading from a data source, processing a particular task, and then writing the result to storage.

Reviewer: WDYT?
```suggestion
A bot is a tool responsible for executing a specific automation task. The bot's pipeline consists of reading from a shared storage (if required), processing a particular task, and then writing the result to a shared storage.
```

### Shared Storage
Shared storage is a central location where data can be read and written by multiple bots to facilitate coordination in an automation task. It serves as a common data exchange point, allowing each bot to access information generated by others as needed to complete its specific task. Examples of shared storage include a PostgreSQL database, an S3 bucket, or other types of storage systems that support concurrent access and data persistence.

### Use case

> A use case refers to an automation problem larger than what a single bot can manage. It typically involves a set of bots, each solving a specific part of the overall problem independently. To enable these bots to interact, shared storage is used. This shared storage could be a PostgreSQL database, an S3 bucket, or any other type of storage, where bots can read and write data for use by other bots in executing their tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A use case refers to an automation problem larger than what a single bot can manage. It typically involves a set of bots, each solving a specific part of the overall problem independently. To enable these bots to interact, shared storage is used. This shared storage could be a PostgreSQL database, an S3 bucket,or another shared storage type, allowing bots to read and write data that other bots can access to complete their tasks.
```
